README.md, before:

This repository contains both the frontend and backend for the metadating web app.

Both of these can be run while in the metadating-frontend directory.

Within that directory, you can run the following commands:

> yarn start

- Runs the frontend of the webapp

> yarn start-api

- Runs the Flask backend for the webapp. It is accessible at /api/v1/

> yarn start-all

- Runs both the frontend and backend in parallel.


Make sure to have the following libraries installed:
(I recommend starting a python virtual environment in the main project directory for these)

- flask
  - pip install flask
- python-dotenv
  - pip install python-dotenv
- requests
  - pip install requests
- nodejs
  - sudo apt-get install nodejs
- npm
  - sudo apt-get install npm
- yarn
  - npm install --global yarn
- axios
  - npm install axios
- pylint-flask
  - pip install pylint pylint-flask

The command to run backend directly is 
> FLASK_DEBUG=TRUE FLASK_APP=metabackend flask run --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8000

and React is setup to automatically proxy all unknown requests to the Flask backend.

Commit message:

Added bash script to install requirements

README.md, after:

This repository contains both the frontend and backend for the metadating web app.

Both of these can be run while in the metadating-frontend directory.

Within that directory, you can run the following commands:

> yarn start

- Runs the frontend of the webapp

> yarn start-api

- Runs the Flask backend for the webapp. It is accessible at /api/v1/

> yarn start-all

- Runs both the frontend and backend in parallel.


<!-- Make sure to have the following libraries installed:
(I recommend starting a python virtual environment in the main project directory for these)

- flask
  - pip install flask
- python-dotenv
  - pip install python-dotenv
- requests
  - pip install requests
- nodejs
  - sudo apt-get install nodejs
- npm
  - sudo apt-get install npm
- yarn
  - npm install --global yarn
- axios
  - npm install axios
- pylint-flask
  - pip install pylint pylint-flask -->

Use the script "installrequirements" to install the required libraries.
> ./installrequirements <wsl | mac>

The command to run backend directly is 
> FLASK_DEBUG=TRUE FLASK_APP=metabackend flask run --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8000

and React is setup to automatically proxy all unknown requests to the Flask backend.
